Created by Torsten Moeller (vis@cs.sfu.ca), April 6 2004
modified by Steven Bergner and Torsten Moeller, June 30 2006
modified by James Peltier and Torsten Moeller, March 28, 2007
last modified by Martin Falk, March 03, 2010

This distribution provides a document class for formatting papers
according to the specifications for submission to conferences sponsored by
the IEEE Visualization & Graphics Technical Committee (VGTC).

The distribution was adapted to the specifications for seminars at
the Institute for Visualization and Interactive Systems, 
University of Stuttgart.

It contains thirteen files:

README          - this file
diamondrule.pdf
diamondrule.eps - abstract and body separator.
vislogo.png
vislogo.eps     - logo of the Institute for Visualization and 
                  Interactive Systems, University of Stuttgart
vgtc.cls        - the VGTC class file, which should be placed,
                  somewhere in the TeX search path
hs-vis_*.sty    - definitions for current seminar
template.tex    - an example paper
literatur.bib   - a small bibliography file used by the example
sample.jpg
sample.eps      - an image used by the example paper

template-example.pdf    - an example proper pdf output in default
                          conference mode
Makefile     - makefile including bibtex compilation and proper PDF
                generation

Prior to "building" a paper please be sure to run

  make clean

This will ensure that the paper is built cleanly each and every time. We
suggest to run this command before each new compilation.

To compile the example, run

  make

or manually, if the makefile does not work for you

  latex template
  bibtex template
  latex template
  latex template

If you run 'make' for the first time, a successful compilation will create
a file called 'template.pdf'. Please make sure, that its layout is
identical to the file 'template-journal.pdf' provided with this package.

The included makefile also allows you to run each step of the process
manually.  Below are a list of available options that may be passed to
make

 "make clean"
   removes all files that can be generated automatically.

 "make gs7"
   This will perform all functions to build a proper paper using GhostScript 7.

 "make gs8"
   This will perform all functions to build a proper paper using GhostScript 8.

 "make dvi"
   This will process the .tex file and produce a DVI output file.  This
   step may process the .tex file several times to process all references
   and citations.

 "make ps"
   This will process the .tex file and the DVI output and convert it to a
   PostScript file.

 "make pdf"
   This will process the .tex file, the DVI file and the PostScript file
   and produce the final PDF file.

If you have problems with the makefile please notify us with the output of
the errors produced when running make and we will work to figure out the
resolution.

